Add azure Sas credential support (#17733)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventhub/azure-eventhub/CHANGELOG.md

## 5.3.2 (Unreleased)

**New Features**

> - Add support for `~azure.core.credentials.AzureSasCredential` for producer and consumer clients.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- Added support for using `~azure.core.credentials.AzureSasCredential` as credential for authenticating producer and consumer clients.
```

> - Added support for using `~azure.core.credentials.AzureSasCredential` as credential for authenticating producer and consumer clients.

Reviewer: adding a note to say we have updated the azure-core dependency? as when we update uAMQP dependency we would add a note.
```suggestion
- Added support for using `~azure.core.credentials.AzureSasCredential` as credential for authenticating producer and consumer clients.

**Notes**
- Updated azure-core dependency to 1.13.0.
```
